README.md, before:

> This entry is for introductory learning about the following stacks and is not recommended for direct production

## Technology Stack

- main stack
  - [Egg](https://github.com/eggjs/egg) - Born to build better enterprise frameworks and apps.
  - [Vue](https://github.com/vuejs/vue) - Simple yet powerful library for building modern web interfaces.
  - [TypeScript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript) - TypeScript is a superset of JavaScript that compiles to clean JavaScript output.
  - [Apollo](https://github.com/apollostack/apollo) - Apollo is an incrementally-adoptable data stack that manages the flow of data between clients and backends. Based on GraphQL
  - [GraphQL](https://github.com/facebook/graphql) - GraphQL is a query language and execution engine tied to any backend service.

- other stack

  - [Yarn](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn) - Fast, reliable, and secure dependency management.
  - [Element](https://github.com/ElemeFE/element) - Desktop UI elements for Vue.js 2.0
  - [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/) - Industry standard RFC 7519 method for representing claims securely between two parties.
  - [Webpack](https://github.com/webpack/webpack) - A bundler for javascript and friends. Packs many modules into a few bundled assets.
  - [Babel](https://github.com/babel/babel) - Babel is a compiler for writing next generation JavaScript.
  - [Release It!]() - Interactive release tool for Git repos. Bump version, commit, tag, push, build, publish to npm.
  - [Karma](https://github.com/karma-runner/karma) - Spectacular Test Runner for JavaScript.

## Usage

```
// preinstall
npm i -g yarn

// development
yarn && npm run dev

// login
name: okoala
pwd:  123456
```

Commit message:

Add vuex and vue router to readme

README.md, after:

> This entry is for introductory learning about the following stacks and is not recommended for direct production

## Technology Stack

- main stack
  - [Egg](https://github.com/eggjs/egg) - Born to build better enterprise frameworks and apps.
  - [Vue](https://github.com/vuejs/vue) - Simple yet powerful library for building modern web interfaces.
  - [TypeScript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript) - TypeScript is a superset of JavaScript that compiles to clean JavaScript output.
  - [Apollo](https://github.com/apollostack/apollo) - Apollo is an incrementally-adoptable data stack that manages the flow of data between clients and backends. Based on GraphQL
  - [GraphQL](https://github.com/facebook/graphql) - GraphQL is a query language and execution engine tied to any backend service.

- other stack

  - [Yarn](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn) - Fast, reliable, and secure dependency management.
  - [Vuex](https://github.com/vuejs/vuex) - Centralized State Management for Vue.js.
  - [VueRouter](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router) - It deeply integrates with Vue.js core to make building Single Page Applications with Vue.js a breeze.
  - [Element](https://github.com/ElemeFE/element) - Desktop UI elements for Vue.js 2.0
  - [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/) - Industry standard RFC 7519 method for representing claims securely between two parties.
  - [Webpack](https://github.com/webpack/webpack) - A bundler for javascript and friends. Packs many modules into a few bundled assets.
  - [Babel](https://github.com/babel/babel) - Babel is a compiler for writing next generation JavaScript.
  - [Release It!]() - Interactive release tool for Git repos. Bump version, commit, tag, push, build, publish to npm.
  - [Karma](https://github.com/karma-runner/karma) - Spectacular Test Runner for JavaScript.

## Usage

```
// preinstall
npm i -g yarn

// development
yarn && npm run dev

// login
name: okoala
pwd:  123456
```
